README.md, before:

# Musehypothermi firmware

### Temperature calibration (plate and rectal probe)

- Each sensor (cooling plate and rectal probe) has its own calibration table stored in EEPROM.
- A calibration point is a pair (measured, reference) in °C:
  - **measured** is read by the MCU from the selected sensor at the moment the command is received.
  - **reference** is a true value typed in manually by the user (external calibration thermometer, or any trusted reference).
- All reference values are **explicitly entered** in the GUI. The firmware never uses the plate reading as an automatic reference source.
- The firmware uses linear interpolation between calibration points to map measured → reference. Outside the calibrated range, values are clamped to the nearest endpoint.
- Calibration is configured via JSON:
  - `SET calibration_point { sensor, reference }` appends a point in RAM.
  - `SET calibration_commit { sensor, operator, timestamp }` saves the table and metadata to EEPROM.
- Metadata (timestamp + operator + number of points) is stored per sensor and exposed in the periodic status JSON.

Commit message:

Add sensor calibration support and GUI controls

README.md, after:

# Musehypothermi firmware

### Temperature calibration (cooling plate and rectal probe)

- Each sensor (cooling plate and rectal probe) has its own calibration table stored in EEPROM.
- A calibration point consists of:
  - `measured`: the raw temperature read by the MCU (in °C) at the moment the point is added.
  - `reference`: the true temperature in °C, typed in manually in the GUI from an external thermometer.
- The firmware uses piecewise linear interpolation between calibration points to map `measured → reference`. Outside the calibrated range, values are clamped to the nearest endpoint.
- Calibration is controlled via JSON over serial:
  - `SET: { "variable": "calibration_point", "value": { "sensor": "plate" | "rectal", "reference": <float> } }`
  - `SET: { "variable": "calibration_commit", "value": { "sensor": "plate" | "rectal" | "both", "operator": "<name>", "timestamp": <unix> } }`
- The GUI exposes a "Calibration" panel showing:
  - Raw vs calibrated temperature for both sensors with 4 decimal places.
  - Controls to add calibration points and commit tables, including operator name.
- Calibration metadata (timestamp, operator, number of points) is stored per sensor and reported in the periodic status JSON under the `calibration` object.
